well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so I got a question and I'm gonna
answer it Bo I want to get my son a
rifle I want to get him something safe
so if there's an accident it won't do
much damage my friends have told me to
get him a 22 is this good advice kept
this plate for more than a decade
there's a hole in it right here metal
plate plate used to hang on my dining
room wall one of my friends came over
and there's a bunch of us sitting at the
dining room table and these are these
are men that are experienced with
firearms we're sitting there talking and
he's got it out showing everybody this
new pistol BAM didn't hit anybody hit
that plate on the wall well it hit the
plate went through the plate went
through the drywall through the
insulation clipped the stud went through
the siding on the house lodged in a
privacy fence about 30 yards away it was
22 safe and firearm do not go together
all firearms will kill it wouldn't be
much good if it didn't that that's what
it's designed to do so that that that
that sentence gave me pause if you're
concerned about that that there's a
whole lot of steps you need to take if
he has not had an air rifle yet start
there for the love of God the 22 there's
a common misconception because it's tiny
it is a tiny bullet 0.22 of an inch wide
a little a little baby round
thing is it's moving at 1,200 to 1,700
feet per second creates a wound channel
a lot like getting stabbed with an ice
pick not safe definitely not safe and
anybody can have an accident the guy
that blew a hole in my wall fired tens
of thousands of rounds very well-trained
he made a mistake it happens when you're
talking about shooting there are two
types of people those that have had
accidental discharges and those the will
on a long enough time line it's gonna
happen you can't count on the gun being
safe the guns tool beyond just the
weapon has to be kept pointed in a safe
direction at all times finger off the
trigger and if you double up on all
these you keep the safety on you make
sure it's clear you keep it pointed in a
safe direction at all times you keep
your finger off the trigger if you mess
up on one like he did it's still pointed
in a safe direction it's not pointed at
anybody scares everybody in the room and
did get beer thrown at him but nobody
got hurt besides his pride
there is no safe firearm but there are a
lot of dangerous ones the most dangerous
firearm in the world is the one that
you're pretty sure is unloaded anyway
it's just a fall y'all have a good night